---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-11-19
position: Lead UI / UX Designer
company: O3 World
companyurl: http://o3world.com/
joblink: http://o3world.com/careers/lead-ui-ux-designer/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/o3world/lead-ui-ux-designer
---

We are currently seeking a Lead UI/UX Designer to join us. You will work closely with the department director, designers, developers, and project managers to help design and build great products. If you’re interested in ownership of the work, driving change, being a leader, and possess the desire to improve the processes that help us solve problems, we want to give you the opportunity. We are interested in big picture thinkers that also enjoy getting into the details of day to day work. You will be valued for your opinion, and you will find enjoyment and satisfaction in having a positive and direct impact on a variety of interesting projects. If you’re the type of person that says, “I have a better way to do this”, we want to hear it. We want you to further your career in the industry, grow both personally and professionally, and be an integral part of this unique and special environment of great people doing great things.

### A SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL BE...

* Smart and hard working
* Self motivated and driven to motivate others
* Energized, enthusiastic and passionate about the work
* Patient and positive
* Autonomous - does not require intense oversight from the department director
* Interested in collaborating in a team environment
* Capable of creating strategies and solutions to solve complex problems
* Empathetic to others and willing to accept constructive feedback
* Someone who thinks in systems and patterns
* Able to consider the big picture and possess the desire to execute on finer details
* Highly detail oriented - spelling, spacing, margins, organization, consistency, note taking
* Comfortable communicating ideas and presenting work to clients effectively
* Considerate of budgets, timelines, deadlines, and external constraints
* Adaptive to change
* Proficient at using design and wireframing tools to create deliverables

### YOUR EXPERIENCE SHOULD INCLUDE...

* **5+ years** working as a UI/UX designer at an agency or in-house at a digital product or application.
* **Process Knowledge** - Proven experience with iterative design processes, responsive design, mobile design, application design, and/or eCommerce design.
* **UX Design** - Proven ability to think critically and solve business problems in new and creative ways using information architecture, wireframing, usability best practices, and prototyping.
* **UI Design** - Proven experience creating industry leading visual design by utilizing style guides, UI kits, and screen comps for websites, mobile applications, and interactive products.
* **Communication & Collaboration** - Proven experience working successfully within a team or collaborative environment on challenging projects and presenting solutions effectively.
* **Development Familiarity** - Be aware of emerging technologies and have a basic understanding of how designs are implemented and integrated into content management systems like Wordpress, Drupal, and Magento. Working knowledge of HTML and CSS is always a positive.

### YOUR BENEFITS WILL INCLUDE...

* Amazing office space in Fishtown and a satellite office in Center City at the new Industrious space, flex vacation time, paid trips to national and regional industry events and conferences, paid training, speaking opportunities, summer flex hours, pool table, dart board, company happy hours, casual office dress code, monthly one-to-one employee growth meetings, lunch and learns, sponsored networking events, employee referral program, company holidays and half-days, quiet rooms, annual holiday party, peer-to-peer recognition, annual non-profit participation, neighborhood outreach events, your own personal theme music, and more...
* Medical coverage including vision, dental coverage, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance plan, simple IRA with company match

While we prefer local candidates, Philly is a great place to live and work, and we may be able to assist with relocation expenses for the right candidate. However, you must be able to legally work in the US. Recruiters and staffing companies NEED NOT contact us.

Please submit a copy of your resume and / or any relevant work samples (documents, wireframes, etc…) that you think will help us get to know you better. Links to your work and/or portfolio are required. Links to your LinkedIn, Twitter accounts or whatever you feel will help us get to know you better are also appreciated.

O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We look forward to meeting with you.