---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-08-17
position: Senior Front-End Dev
company: Sidecar
companyurl: https://hello.getsidecar.com/
joblink: https://hello.getsidecar.com/frontend-engineer/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /:categories/sidecar/senior-fe-developer
---

### Hello
Sidecar is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer who likes to solve incredibly hard problems to help create amazing products. We are looking for someone to help design, build and implement software solutions to support Sidecar’s ability to keep pace with our rapid business expansion.
You’ll be working alongside some of the most inspirational people, in an amazing work environment, at a hyper growth company, working on a technology that sits between the largest companies on the Internet (Google, Microsoft and Facebook) and the largest e-commerce businesses in the world (GNC, Newegg, Fanatics, etc). Pretty cool, right?

### THE SIDECAR EXPERIENCE
We’re a group of energetic, passionate, and fun-to-be-around individuals who gather each day to make a lasting impact in the rapidly-growing world of e-commerce marketing. As a result, we’re quickly becoming a leader in e-commerce technology, and we get to work with some of the largest online retailers on the planet.
Many of us come from e-commerce, statistical or start-up backgrounds. Some of us don’t. Some of us walk or ride a bike to work; some of us take the train. But all of us share in the commitment to doing something awesome. Come be awesome with us.

### YOUR TIME HERE
You’ll be surrounded by amazing people, in one of the coolest, most casual and collaborative pet-friendly office spaces in Center City Philadelphia. We have a very simple vacation policy: there isn’t one. We all work hard, work smart, and respect the teams we work with, so when you need time off, take it.
We believe in building a culture with strong engineering values and goals; that’s the key to producing a great product. As part of our team, you will be surrounded by some of the best software engineers in the business who are well versed in single page application design, user experience, and working with large amounts of data using SQL (MySQL, Postgres, NoSQL), nodejs, and PHP.

Our open-floor work environment, and Slack-enabled team, enthusiastically encourages teamwork, creativity, risk-taking and growth. At Sidecar, we always have rotating kegs of ice-cold craft beer on tap, the AC set at a cool 70 degrees, and our sights set on high.

### WHO YOU ARE (AND WHO WE ARE)
* Open, honest, communicative, committed, and an unyielding commitment to being better – not right
* Encouraged by challenges and new problems – not fearful of them
* Current with the market, and up on the latest technologies, events, and opportunities
* Able to work in an open environment, on cross-functional teams, and inspire new ideas in all areas of the business
* Supporter of an agile mindset, where teams self-organize, adapt and continuously improve (yourself, our processes, and the organization at large)
* Bachelor of Computer Science Degree or equivalent experience and 5+ yrs relevant experience required]
* Deep understanding of front end design including concepts like layout, specificity, cross browser compatibility, and accessibility
* Experience in single page application development with deep understanding of concepts like reusability, asynchronous programming, and performance
* Experience with React, AngularJS, and other modern MV* frameworks
* Experience with development workflows including tools like CSS preprocessors (LESS/SASS), build tools (Grunt / Gulp), and bundlers (Webpack / Browserify)
* Experience with NodeJS, Symfony, or other back end platforms is a huge plus
* Experience with Git or similar VCS

### WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING
* Design, build and optimize a variety of web applications and websites
* Working in cross-functional teams with dynamic interactions
* Working in online marketing channels, i.e. solutions that interface with Google API, Yahoo/Bing API, Comparison Shopping Engines, Facebook API and other marketing channel API

### HOW WE’LL HOOK YOU UP
* Competitive Salary, based on experience
* Flexible Vacation Policy (our policy is simple, respect your team, and take time off when you need it)
* Health & Dental Coverage
* Choose your flavor of device – mac, windows, linux
* An environment that will expose you to all facets of the business and that will encourage you to learn and develop skills both within and beyond the role you’re hired for
* Regular company social events that inspire friendships and strengthen the bond amongst the team

**To apply, please send your resume to <a href="mailto:careers@getsidecar.com">careers@getsidecar.com</a>**

*Sidecar is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, all resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Sidecar via-email, the Internet or directly to hiring managers at Sidecar in any form without a valid written search agreement in place for that position will be deemed the sole property of Sidecar, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Sidecar as a result of the referral or through other means.*