---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-08-17
position: Product Designer
company: Scala Inc.
companyurl: http://scala.com
joblink: http://join.scala.com/product-designer/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/scala/product-designer
---

At Scala, we’re building enterprise level software that is used by Fortune 500 Companies as a critical component in defining their brand identity and telling their story to their customers. As such, our team’s priority with our software is to deliver a user experience that matches the quality and standard of excellence set by the design & marketing teams of these high profile clients. We need an experienced designer to help breath life into the user experience, design, and interaction components of our software.

We are looking for a Product Designer to champion the causes of User Experience and User Interface Design on a platform built on a cutting edge JavaScript technology stack.

We believe placing the user at the heart of everything we do and excellent design are not just “nice-to-have’s” but a core requirement, without which our products will not succeed. As our first Product Designer, you’ll have the chance to be hugely influential in shaping the future of the platform. You’ll work closely with our UI/UX Architect, Product Manager, and development team to define delightful user experiences, and iterate them, with the team who will implement your designs.

### To help us get there we’re looking for an experienced designer who:
* Champions the user above all else.
* Is comfortable creating wireframes in the tool of their choice.
* Is comfortable with a close intersection between design and code and understands that some designs are better in code than having 5 mockups to accommodate the various responsive breakpoints.
* Is comfortable planning and running user tests.
* Has experience working closely with developers in a lean/agile environment.
* Can receive constructive design feedback.
* Can design elegant solutions to complex problems based on customer research.
* Builds prototypes as part of their design process.
* Has tremendous enthusiasm for building products users love!
* An ideal candidate will have at least a few years’ experience working on a product in a similar environment.

We are accepting all applicants, including full-time, contract, and part-time.