---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-11-24
position: Interactive Graphic Designer
company: Fyra
companyurl:
joblink: http://prntscr.com/96eyim
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/fyra/interactive-graphic-designer
---

### Overview

Fyra has an immediate opening for a designer. We are a small digital team, primarily working for a healthcare publisher in Wayne, PA. You will be the second designer on our team currently comprised of one designer, a project manager, and three developers. You will perform all design tasks across a suite of healthcare brands for new projects, redesigns, ongoing maintenance of existing sites, as well as branding and smaller print projects. Because the team is small, you will be responsible for projects from conception to completion, performing a variety of roles, including but not limited to: planning/information architecture, wireframing/prototyping, and visual design (comps) for apps and websites [UI and UX]. You will also be responsible for email design and small print projects.

### Requirements

* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in graphic or web design, visual communication, or related field
* A few years of experience in an agency or in-house setting (junior/mid-level)
* A solid understanding of design, color and typography principles
* Pixel-perfect attention to detail and ability to adhere to brand standards, as well as create them
* Strong understanding of responsive web design philosophy and techniques
* Strong understanding of UI/UX principles
* Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop and/or Sketch proficiency
* Basic print production knowledge
* Familiarity with email design requirements
* Ability to comfortably communicate your designs and rationale to stakeholders, working with them for an outcome meeting their goals. 
* Strong organizational skills, ability to prioritize and manage workflow, adhering to multiple project timelines
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills, to communicate with team members as well as project stakeholders  
* Basic HTML/CSS understanding, to communicate with developers implementing your designs
* Affinity for technology and design, and the drive to stay on top of industry developments, trends and best practices
* Commitment to being a team player, working with the rest of the team to meet all deadlines
* Ability to work on site in Wayne, PA. We also have the option to do approximately 2 days a week at home.

### Bonus Skills

* Intermediate or advanced development or email coding skills
* Experience with Principle, After Effects, or other motion/animation apps
* Photo retouching/manipulation skills
* Advanced print production knowledge 
* Experience creating interactive prototypes with InVision, Bootstrap, etc. 
* Working knowledge of Bootstrap, as it pertains to design

Full time position, with full benefits.

### How to Apply

Email Jenny (Lead Designer) at [jdrago@fyra.io](jdrago@fyra.io) with a resume and portfolio.