---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-08-11
position: Senior Interactive Designer
company: BlueCadet
companyurl: http://bluecadet.com/
joblink: http://bluecadet.com/careers/senior-interactive-designer/
reference: 
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/bluecadet/senior-interactive-designer
---

Bluecadet is seeking a Senior Designer with the know-how to incorporate user-centered design principles across a range of projects, from websites to mobile applications to large-scale touch screen interactions. This role will have a core position in shaping a project’s creative trajectory from early concept to implementation. The candidate should be ready for hands-on work at every stage of our project’s lifecycle, from brainstorming creative concepts with the project team and developing original concepts, to participating in client presentations and ensuring deadlines are met, all the way to launch. Bluecadet is a seriously collaborative work environment, so Senior Designers need to collaborate across disciplines on a daily basis, from development to project management, all while maintaining high standards for original concepts and detailed execution. This is an opportunity to define and reinvent the digital space, and a passion for doing just that is critical.

### Qualifications
* A portfolio of award-winning work that demonstrates a mastery for combining motion and interactive design with an exceptional understanding of type, color and composition.
* Strong conceptual thinking. We want people who can start a project off from an incredibly strong position and come up with surprising, cool concepts to pursue.
* A strong background, with 3-5 years of visual design experience, at least some in an agency environment.
* Strong leadership and teamwork skills—the ability to work with Art Directors and Creative Directors and mentor other Designers as well as the confidence and skill to communicate your ideas clearly.
* A solid understanding of designing intuitive site functionality, interaction, site architecture, user interfaces, and navigation. You know a product needs more than just a pretty face.
* A great attitude and a lack of ego.

### Perks
Bluecadet offers competitive salaries, medical and dental insurance, 401(k) participation, paid time off, company holidays, paid parental leave, and the opportunity to work in a dynamic, growing and fun environment. We have a gorgeous office, a relaxed dress code, and flexible hours.

### To Apply
* Please submit work samples, a resume and cover letter to <a href="mailto:jobs@bluecadet.com">jobs@bluecadet.com</a>.
* Candidates must live in the Philadelphia area or be willing to relocate.