---
layout: jobpost
position: Product Designer
company: Curalate
companyurl: http://www.curalate.com/
joblink: 'https://boards.greenhouse.io/curalate/jobs/62065#.VaPKXpNVhBd'
reference: Andy O'Dore
date: 2015-06-23
categories: jobs
permalink: /:categories/curalate/product-designer
---

Guess what?! We just opened a role on our design team, and if you are an innovative, collaborative, user-experience-obsessed product designer, we are looking for you! As a growing startup, our success lies in our agility and capacity to move quickly, so velocity, open communication and rapid iteration is key!<!--more-->

Only HTML/CSS pro's who love a challenge and are at their best while juggling multiple competing priorities, need apply. 
 
### Responsibilities
* Create interaction models, screen designs, and UI details that promote ease of use and optimize the user experience
* Manage multiple projects, working closely between product and engineering
* Iterate on your ideas quickly and effectively
* Obsess over details and consistency, but see the bigger picture
* Contribute to high-level strategic decisions with the rest of the product and executive team
* Own and maintain our product style guide
 
### About You:
* 3+ years of a proven track record and a passion for designing compelling user experiences
* Ability to brainstorm ideas, translate them into original design concepts and execute
* Excellent communication skills along with a desire to collaborate
* Communicate design intent. Clearly rationalize and justify design work and advocate for users’ needs.
* Humility and the ability to accept and manage feedback. This is important
* Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS (bonus: JS, CMS experience)
* Experience in user testing and research
* Working knowledge of Twitter Bootstrap
* Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite, Google Docs, Balsamiq, Invision, Sketch, etc.
* A strong understanding of visual design fundamentals, including layout, typography, color theory, etc.
* An intermediate to advanced understanding of social media
 
### About Us:
Curalate is the leading marketing and analytics suite for the visual web and a partner to more than 500 of the world’s most-loved brands. We’re a passionate team of visual thinkers, makers, and storytellers dedicated to helping brands create authentic connections with consumers through images. And we’re building something really powerful.

Much like the brands we work with, our people are nothing short of inspiring – and we’re looking to grow our team. If you’re scrappy, creative, curious, and FUN, then we think Curalate could be the place for you.

**No recruiters, please.**