---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-06-27
position: UX Director
company: O3 World
companyurl: http://o3world.com/
joblink: http://o3world.com/careers/?job=ux-director
reference: Mike Gadsby
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/o3world/ux-director
---

We are currently seeking a UX Director. This person will work closely with our project teams and clients throughout the full life cycle of the product development process to define goals<!--more-->, uncover user needs and measure product/market impact in order to create successful experiences that drive revenue and solve real business problems. This role is perfect for the seasoned product manager, UX professional and/or senior level designer who is terrific with clients, loves research and is ready to take a step up in their career to provide more than wireframes and user testing insight (though, those are important elements of the job). This person should be enthusiastic and passionate, easy to work with and willing to get their hands dirty. Your job is to create the approach for the products we develop, create a vision for the user experience, and be the go-to strategic resource for our clients and project teams in the early stages of the build and in an ongoing capacity over the life of the engagement. This individual will report directly to the Chief Experience Officer and will work side-by-side with our Accounts, Design and Development Directors.

### A SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL BE...
* Smart and hard working
* Energized, enthusiastic and passionate about the work
* Able to lead meetings, sell solutions, and “listen” to and empathize with our clients
* Positive, solutions and team oriented
* Business oriented - need to be able to see the big picture and find the balance between our goals, our clients goals and the end-user’s needs
* Flexible - Need to know when to leverage proven systems/conventions and when to alter your approach to fit a situational need
* Tuned in to and turned on by design and marketing trends as well as emerging technologies
* Ready, willing and able to create measurable key performance goals

### YOUR EXPERIENCE SHOULD INCLUDE...
* 5+ years working as a product manager and/or UX lead or director role at an agency or in-house at a digital product or application
* UX Background - Customer definition and analysis are a big deal. You should have ample experience leading workshops and ideation sessions as well as creating artifacts like user personas and/or journey maps. You also should have a thorough understanding of the “design thinking” methodology.
* UI Design - You do not have to be a designer per se (though it wouldn’t hurt), but you do have to be hip to design / interaction trends and have ample experience working directly with UI teams.
* Dev Familiarity - You should be familiar with emerging technologies and have a basic understanding of the difference between terms like Rails, PHP, Python and Node.JS. You should have experience working directly with a development team preferably in an Agile environment.
* Analytics - You must have a strong understanding of Google Analytics. Familiarity with other platforms like Omniture, Kissmetrics, or newer platforms like FullStory are a plus.
* Marketing Know-How - You don’t need to be an expert marketer, but familiarity with SEO/SEM, social media, email marketing, Salesforce/CRM and/or marketing automation platforms like Pardot or Marketo would be a major plus.

### YOUR CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AT THE BEGINNING OF PROJECTS WILL BE...
* Lead internal and external discovery meetings and business analysis workshops
* Conduct customer/user interviews, persona development and validation exercises
* Landscape/competitive analysis
* Analysis of stats from Google Analytics and/or other analytics platforms
* Synthesize information into cross-disciplined product solution
* Create feature requirements, user stories, test cases and assist in creating functional requirements
* Create project goals/KPI’s
* Direct client presentations

### ONCE DESIGN, DEV AND FEATURE RELEASES HAVE BEGUN YOU WILL...
* Oversee user testing, analyze feedback and translate findings into actionable solutions
* Help to create and manage the feature backlog
* Help to set up and oversee marketing platform and analytics implementation
* Lead client review meetings
* Ensure projects maintain strategic vision

### IN AN ONGOING CAPACITY YOU WILL BE EXPECTED TO...
* Be the go-to resource for the client to provide ideas and develop solutions
* Work with Chief Experience Officer to evolve product and service offering
* Work with Accounts, Design and Development Directors to refine production processes
* Work with sales to develop ideas and solutions for new opportunities
* Lead and mentor O3 designers and UX professionals
* Contribute to design and UX community by attending events, taking advantage of speaking opportunities and becoming an evangelist for O3

### YOUR BENEFITS WILL INCLUDE...
* Amazing office space in Fishtown and a satellite office in Center City at the new Industrious space, flex vacation time, paid trips to national and regional industry events and conferences, paid training, speaking opportunities, summer flex hours, pool table, dart board, company happy hours, casual office dress code, monthly one-to-one employee growth meetings, lunch and learns, sponsored networking events, employee referral program, company holidays and half-days, quiet room, annual holiday party, peer-to-peer recognition, annual non-profit participation, neighborhood outreach events, and more...
* Medical coverage including vision, dental coverage, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance plan, simple IRA with company match

While we prefer local candidates, Philly is a great place to live and work, and we may be able to assist with relocation expenses for the right candidate. However, you must be able to legally work in the US. **Recruiters and staffing companies NEED NOT contact us.**

Please submit a copy of your resume and / or any relevant work samples (documents, wireframes, etc…) that you think will help us get to know you better. Links to your LinkedIn, Twitter accounts or whatever you feel will help us get to know you better are also appreciated. Do not fax your resume as it will result in immediate disqualification and humiliation as we Tweet about your inability to follow directions.

O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We look forward to meeting with you.