---
layout: jobpost
position: UX Designer
company: 50onRed
companyurl: http://50onred.com/
joblink: 'http://50onred.theresumator.com/apply/bxMOhF/UX-Designer'
reference:
date: 2015-09-22
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/50onred/ux-designer
---

50onRed is a fast-growing and innovative advertising technology company. Building, breaking, and bettering technology at extraordinary scale is our secret to staying at the forefront of the ad-tech market. The smart products we create generate huge value for advertisers and publishers, serving billions of impressions a day to the global 50onRed audience network. Advertisers can use our self-service or managed ad platforms to immediately access high quality traffic and publishers can earn revenue through a variety of customizable monetization suites.

We are looking for an experienced UX Designer to fill a key role in our growing Product team. We are looking for a creative individual who understands how to completely enhance the user experience of our products. As a UX Designer at 50onRed, you will be responsible for working closely with the Development team and Product Managers to gather information on how to enhance our UI across all products. If you like working in a fast-paced environment where you can allow your creativity to prosper, then this is the place for you! The ideal candidate should have a passion for usability, an eye for visual consistency, and a knack for reducing the complexity of a design to what's most impactful for our customers.

### What You'll Do
* Create and guide the visual appearance of all new features and enhancements in all of our products, keeping the interface beautiful and easy to use
* Design elegant solutions to complex workflows
* Develop personas, behavioral specifications, wireframes, and prototypes
* Act as the user-advocate during the development process, subjecting early-stage designs to usability testing or expert review, and offering implementation suggestions from a user-centered perspective

### What You'll Need
<strong>Required</strong>

* Minimum of 3+ years of experience as a UX Designer
* Experience working with cross-functional teams (including Product Management, Sales, and Engineering teams)
* A strong understanding of web design principles and good understanding of current web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
* Ability to prioritize and manage work to adhere to project timelines in a fast-paced environment
* A solid understanding of user-centered design and the ability to present design ideas to a non-design audience
* Portfolio with current examples of work

<strong>Desired</strong>

* Experience conducting user research and surveys
* Experience analyzing analytics data to extract user interaction insights
* Experience with advertising networks, Adwords, and traffic platforms
* Experience constructing functional prototypes ( e.g. Invision, FramerJS, HTML/CSS)

### Where You'll Work
Our motto at 50onRed is, “love what you do and do what you love.” That’s the spirit you’ll feel in our office every day. Collaboration is essential to how we operate, and we’ve structured our office accordingly. With a wide open, modern workspace that’s fully equipped with anything you need from technology to table tennis, our center city Philadelphia office feels even better than home. Check out our space and shots of the team on Instagram.

### What You'll Get
Good work should never go unrewarded. In return for your hard work, we offer all full-time employees 25 days PTO from the get-go, competitive base salaries and dynamic commission plans, amazing perks including music subscriptions, gym memberships, free catered lunches, a massive beer selection and more. Learn more about our perks on our careers page!