---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-11-06
position: iOS Developer
company: O3 World
companyurl: http://o3world.com/
joblink: http://o3world.com/careers/ios-developer/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/o3world/ios-developer
---

We are seeking an iOS developer with a passion for building compelling experiences to join our growing team. You will work with some of the brightest project managers, designers, and developers in the business to define, plan, build, and deliver exceptional apps.

As a member of the O3 team, you will be involved in projects from the concepting phase all the way through launch and have a say in not just what we build, but how we build. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to contribute to the overall technical direction and project workflow through research and development of new tools and technologies. We are looking for someone with a solid understanding of the fundamentals of programming and the underlying technologies of apps who can easily pick up the technologies we’re working with now and will be working with in the future.
 
### Technologies

* iOS !!!
* Objective-C
* Swift
* Xcode
* watchOS
* Instruments
* Push Notification Service
* Git

### Requirements

* 2+ years experience with iOS programming
* Strong object oriented programming skills
* Outstanding problem-solving skills
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills
* Attention to detail, highly organized, with focus on quality of work
* Understanding and respect for best practices and craftsmanship
* Experience with automated testing a plus
* Computer Science degree preferred or related work experience required


### Specific Duties

* Work independently and with a team to plan, build, and deliver exceptional apps
* Participate in project discovery and designer/developer review meetings
* Work closely with UX and UI designers to ensure that system functionality will support design and UX goals
* Participate in research and development of new technologies, methods, and techniques

### Benefits

* Amazing office space in Fishtown, flex vacation time, paid trips to national and regional industry events and conferences, paid training, speaking opportunities, summer hours, pool table, dart board, company happy hours, casual office dress code, monthly one-to-one employee growth meetings, lunch and learns, sponsored networking events, employee referral program, company holidays and half-days, quiet room, annual holiday party, peer-to-peer recognition, annual non-profit participation, neighborhood outreach events
* Medical coverage including vision, dental coverage, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance plan, SIMPLE IRA with company match

While we prefer local candidates, Philly is a great place to live and work, and we may be able to assist with relocation expenses for the right candidate. However, you must be able to legally work in the US. **Recruiters and staffing companies NEED NOT contact us.**

Please send your resume and relevant work samples (code, apps, etc…). Links to your Github, Stackoverflow and LinkedIn accounts or whatever you feel will help us get to know you better are also appreciated.

O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We look forward to meeting with you.