---
layout: jobpost
date: 2015-08-11
position: Creative Developer
company: BlueCadet
companyurl: http://bluecadet.com/
joblink: http://bluecadet.com/careers/creative-developer/
reference: 
categories: jobs
permalink: /:categories/bluecadet/creative-developer
---

Bluecadet is seeking candidates for a full-time, on-site position of Creative Developer in our Philadelphia office. C++/Cinder experience is preferred. 

You’ll be responsible for the development of interactive projects in collaboration with our talented and passionate team. You will have the chance to work on a variety of projects, including (but not limited to) custom multi-user touchscreen interactives, sensor-based gestural games, and native mobile apps.

The candidate should have experience bringing rich custom user interfaces to life for single and multi-touch screens and devices. The eligible candidate should possess deep technical knowledge and excellent communication skills.

We are looking for a developer with a passion for creating quality user experiences and beautiful user interfaces. Ideally, the candidate will have had experience in the media, marketing or gaming industries, and have built graphic applications using various toolkits.

### About Us
Bluecadet is an award-winning digital design agency that creates world-class websites and mobile apps, interactive installations, and immersive environments. Established in 2007, we are called upon by leading museums, cultural institutions, universities, and nonprofit organizations to educate, engage, and entertain.

### Responsibilities
* Develop highly interactive applications that include video and audio, interfacing with hardware controls and other systems
* Execute complex designs, reflecting the creative and art direction provided within established technical frameworks
* Ensure a high level of code quality
* Research and learn emerging technologies
* Work with project management team to ensure they are informed of status of development
* Provide input on internal code practices, championing the design, architecture, maintenance, and training of internal libraries

### Desired Skills and Experience
*Key attributes*

* Excitement for technology; constantly striving to be ahead of the curve
* Solid communication skills
* Highly organized, with exceptional attention to detail
* Calm under pressure
* Approachable
* Multi-tasker, with effective time management skills
* Solutions-focused; creative / lateral thinker

*Technical Skills*

* Experience in one or more frameworks/engines: C++/Cinder, C, Processing, Unity3D, OpenFrameworks
* Experience with kiosk and touchscreen installations is an advantage
* Experience with all parts of the software development life cycle
* Experience with Git or similar version control systems

### Culture
We are underpinned by a collaborative culture. We are creative, pro-active thinkers who are passionate about and committed to delivering excellent results for our clients — helping to deliver groundbreaking work. While we expect you to deliver the requirements of your job, we genuinely don’t look to confine you into a specific function. Everyone’s point of view is welcome, and an entrepreneurial drive with a quizzical mind is encouraged.

### Perks
Bluecadet offers competitive salaries, medical and dental insurance, 401(k) participation, paid time off, company holidays, paid parental leave, and the opportunity to work in a dynamic, growing and fun environment. We have a gorgeous office, a relaxed dress code, and flexible hours.

### To Apply
* Please submit work samples, a resume and cover letter to <a href="mailto:jobs@bluecadet.com">jobs@bluecadet.com</a>.
* Candidates must live in the Philadelphia area or be willing to relocate.