---
layout: jobpost
date: 2016-01-05
position: Designer
company: Happy Cog
companyurl:
joblink: http://technical.ly/job/designer-4/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/happycog/designer
---

Happy Cog is a digital design and development studio, headquartered in Philadelphia. Our founder Jeffrey Zeldman leads A List Apart, An Event Apart, and A Book Apart from Manhattan. We partner with Fortune 100 brands, global nonprofits, higher-education leaders, museums and tourist destinations, cultural organizations, monasteries, rock bands, gaming companies, and everyone in between.

### You’re A Designer, First And Foremost

With a few years of work experience under your belt, your work to date exhibits a mastery of interface (or even print) design, typography, grids, and design systems. You care deeply about the details, and can communicate the reasons for every design decision you make. You hope to create something that will not only inspire but stand up over time.

### But Wear Other Hats With Ease

This role asks that you spend your fair share of time in Photoshop, but more importantly calls for an equal amount of time spent defining project strategy, documenting, and crafting a responsive user experience (through whatever deliverables deemed appropriate for the project and client). All of our designers communicate directly with clients—there are no gatekeepers.You know enough HTML and CSS to have an intelligent conversation with the developers on our team (but won’t be required to write production-level code). You’ll work collaboratively to assure the integrity of your design translates to the final build.

Lastly, reading and writing come with the job description. You’re a student of design, tell us about who and what inspires you. You’ll be expected to contribute to our blog Cognition too. Show us your motivation to share your knowledge and experience with the web design community.

### All Happy Cog Employees

* Are positive and collaborative — this is a team sport
* Are approachable and act in a manner that is welcoming to our clients, to our colleagues, and to our community
* Teach, share, learn, and contribute to our community
* Are passionate, and strive to continually improve our industry
* Are creative in all aspects of our work
* Are relaxed, work without fear of mistakes
* Grow their skills and our processes
* Rise to the occasion—we take turns steering the ship
* Know how to have fun—you could work anywhere, we’re thrilled to see you every Monday morning

