---
layout: jobpost
position: Junior Web Designer
company: AMResorts
companyurl: http://www.amresorts.com
joblink: http://www.amresorts.com/about/career
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/amresorts/jr-web-designer
expires: 2016-07-12
---

### Purpose:

AMResorts is looking for a Junior Web Designer to join the Digital Design team. The Junior Web Designer is responsible for front-end maintenance of multiple internal and consumer facing websites. This includes design and layout maintenance to support marketing needs and web development needs. This position works closely with the marketing department to translate business needs into live visual designs and manage assigned projects through QA, troubleshooting and launch.

### Essential Duties/Responsibilities:

* Website maintenance including layout, text and image
* Creative development of promotional landing pages, other custom (non-templated) pages or websites. Projects will range from support through start to finish.
* Clear and constructive communication with design team and marketing department to thoroughly capture any requirements needed to meet or exceed expectations.
* Responsible for the design and deployment of HTML email marketing communications (promotions, press releases, notifications, etc.) Includes all elements of process from design to email deployment.
* Ability to create/resize static and/or animated web banners based on approved creative.
* Ability to work quickly and efficiently to keep up with a rigorous design/development schedule.
* Adeptness to “own” projects through completion and continually maintain responsibility.
* Meeting assigned deadlines and practicing good time management skills
* Staying abreast of trends in web design, analytics, UI, UX and interaction design
* Working occasional late/weekend hours to get the job done
* Other duties as necessary

### Qualifications:

**Education:**

* BFA in Graphic Design, Web Design, Human Computer Interaction or Interaction Design or a similar degree

**Experience:**

* 1-3 year(s) experience

**Language(s):**

* English
* Spanish (Not required, but a plus)

**Required skills:**

* Well-rounded design skills and grounding in information design
* The ability to adapt graciously to changing business conditions and priorities
* Awareness of UI and UX principles
* Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Sketch
* Interest in prototyping tools: InVision, Axure, other similar tools
* Familiarity with HTML5, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL
* Familiar with CMS (Joomla/Wordpress)
* Knowledge of web-based graphic production
* Ability to work with email platforms, including integrating live text
* Awareness of responsive/fluid web concepts and mobile-first methodology
* Creativity and the ability to concept 
* Knowledge of typography
* Adaptable, curious and excited to pick up new techniques
* Good interpersonal and communication skills
* Ability to work on their own or in a team
* Thorough and precise in their work
* Works well under pressure and with tight deadlines
* Skilled at multi-tasking and time management
* Initiative to manage creative work from concept to completion


### Portfolio Requirements:

* Provide at least 3 URLs that represent a solid knowledge of UI and UX principles

### Physical Demands:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, use hands to handle or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; balance; stoop; kneel; crouch or crawl; talk or hear; taste or smell.  The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.

### Work Environment: 

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, but can be high at times.