---
layout: jobpost
position: UI/UX Designer 
company: O3 World 
companyurl: http://www.o3world.com 
joblink: http://o3world.com/careers/ui-ux-designer-html
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/o3-world/ui-ux-designer
expires: 2016-09-29
---

Our design department is currently seeking an experienced UI/UX Designer to join our growing team. You will work closely with the design director, designers, developers, and project managers to lead the user experience and design of great products.

We are looking for an individual who has the desire to drive change and improve processes that help us solve problems. You will make a direct impact on a variety of interesting projects. We embrace big picture thinkers who also enjoy the finer details of day-to-day activities. You will be given the opportunity to apply your abilities to meaningful work. If you’re the type of person who says, “I have a better way to do this.” we want to hear it. Join our team and excel in a unique environment of talented people creating awesome things.

### A SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL BE…

* Perceptive, patient, and hardworking
* Positive
* Adaptive to progress
* Open minded when listening to feedback
* Interested in collaboration
* Creative and skilled in their visual design abilities
* Effective at implementing solutions to solve complex problems
* Someone who thinks in systems and patterns
* Confident when communicating to co-workers and clients
* Self motivated and driven to motivate others
* Productive within a fast paced environment
* Proficient with design and wireframing tools
* Mindful of organization, margins, spacing, and consistency in their work
* Sensitive to long term project goals and business objectives
* Considerate of budgets, timelines, deadlines, and external constraints

### YOUR EXPERIENCE SHOULD INCLUDE…

* 5+ years working as a UI/UX designer or similar role at an agency or in-house at a digital product company.
* Process Knowledge - Understanding of design thinking and its usage to identify project goals. Familiarity with lean UX methodology.
* UX Design - Examples that showcase your ability to solve complex problems and visually communicate your solutions through information architecture, wireframes, and prototyping.
* UI Design -Industry leading visual design utilizing style guides, UI kits, and high fidelity screens for websites, mobile applications, and interactive products.
* Communication & Collaboration - Proven experience working successfully within a collaborative environment on challenging projects.
* Development Familiarity - Effective implementation of a responsive product and a firm grasp of how designs are implemented into content management systems like WordPress, Drupal, and Magento.

### YOUR BENEFITS WILL INCLUDE…

* Amazing office space in Fishtown, flex vacation time, paid trips to national and regional industry events and conferences, paid training, speaking opportunities, summer hours, company happy hours, casual office dress code, monthly one-to-one employee growth meetings, lunch and learns, sponsored networking events, employee referral program, company holidays and half-days, quiet rooms, annual holiday party, peer-to-peer recognition, annual non-profit participation, neighborhood outreach events, your own personal theme music, and more…
* Medical coverage including vision, dental coverage, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance plan, 401k with company match.
* Philly is a great place to live and work, and we may be able to assist with relocation expenses for the right candidate applying outside the city. However, you must be able to legally work in the US. Recruiters and staffing companies NEED NOT contact us.

Please submit a copy of your resume and relevant work samples that will help expand our understanding of your creative process. Links to your work and/or portfolio are required. Links to your LinkedIn, Twitter accounts, or anything else you feel will help us get to know you better are also appreciated.

O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We look forward to meeting with you.