---
layout: jobpost
date: 2016-01-05
position: Senior Designer
company: Happy Cog
companyurl: http://www.happycog.com
joblink: mailto:jobs@happycog.com
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/happycog/senior-designer
---

Happy Cog is a digital design and development studio, headquartered in Philadelphia. Our founder Jeffrey Zeldman leads A List Apart, An Event Apart, and A Book Apart from Manhattan. We partner with Fortune 100 brands, global nonprofits, higher-education leaders, museums and tourist destinations, cultural organizations, monasteries, rock bands, gaming companies, and everyone in between.

### Twenty Things About You, Our Next Senior Designer:

1. You’ve held an art director level (or commensurate) position with a digital agency.
2. You’re first and foremost a designer: you never saw yourself as the design leader who didn’t design. You inspire by doing.
3. You know enough HTML and CSS to have an intelligent conversation with the developers on your team. Preferably you can crack open the web inspector on a build and communicate exactly what it is you’re looking for. (Our designers don’t have to worry about writing production-ready code, though we’d be lying if we said it wasn’t a plus.)
4. Even though it’s on the web, behind a screen, your work feels human and organic because it’s well considered. There’s life behind all those pixels.
5. You’re not afraid to inject a little humor into your work and workplace.
6. You have a passion for people. We have a long history of advocacy for the open web. This has been our philosophy since our beginnings sixteen years ago, from Jeffrey’s role in the web standards movement to the rise of responsive web design.
7. You don’t do throw-away work, neither do we. Design on the web is subject to the vagaries of technology. We pride ourselves on trying to always stay one step ahead. We design like it’s going to live forever, even if in our heart of hearts we know it’s a pipe dream. Call us idealists, we’ll call you one too.
8. You’re a gifted observer.
9. You have an insatiable curiosity. You research everything. You think the greatest thing about being a designer is all the knowledge you get to pick up along the way: about new industries and their challenges, their history; things you’d never think to look up on your own that you’ll be an expert in by the time the project’s over.
10. You have some experience conducting small, qualitative usability testing sessions. (If you don’t, we’re willing to train the right person.)
11. You can facilitate a design workshop. We don’t do kickoffs where people nod off around a conference table. We get up and out of our seats. It would be your job to construct and lead these meetings. It goes without saying you’re a convincing presenter.
12. You’re comfortable representing design during a sales pitch. (We don’t participate in speculative work, though—we covet our evenings and weekends.)
13. The senior designer is not a manager—you’re a mentor. Your many years of experience have taught you how to get the best out of the designers you work with. You know it’s not always about doing it yourself—it’s about pointing people in the right direction and asking the right questions.
14. You never settle. You try new things and you come at things from unexpected places. You expect the same from everyone else.
15. You lead by example. You keep your cool.
16. You can talk about design. You have your own point of view. Presumably we’ll align on the major points, but we’re not looking for yes-people: we’re looking for honest, authentic makers. Bring us your perspective. We’re better with a healthy amount of contrast.
17. You’re not one dimensional. You have hobbies outside web design.
18. Writing comes with the territory. You’ll be expected to contribute to Cognition, our blog about the craft we share and love, with the rest of us. Likewise, as the senior designer you’ll be in charge of composing design briefs. It’s not outside the question that you’ll have to write some copy for a design concept.
19. Location, location, location: you live in or near enough to Philadelphia that you can be in the office on a regular basis. Relocation unfortunately cannot be provided right now, but hey, if you’re looking, there are plenty of great reasons to move to Philadelphia.
20. You’re different. Tell us how.

### All Happy Cog Employees

* Are positive and collaborative, this is a team sport
* Are approachable and act in a manner that is welcoming to our clients, to our colleagues, and to our community
* Teach, share, learn, and contribute to our community
* Are passionate, and strive to continually improve our industry
* Are creative in all aspects of our work
* Are relaxed, work without fear of mistakes
* Grow their skills and our processes
* Rise to the occasion—we take turns steering the ship
* Know how to have fun—you could work anywhere, we’re thrilled to see you every Monday morning