---
layout: jobpost
position: Product Designer
company: Curalate
companyurl: www.curalate.com
joblink: http://grnh.se/g47byj
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/curalate/product-designer
expires: 2016-09-29
---

As a Product Designer at Curalate, you'll join a close-knit team of engineers, product managers, researchers and support peeps to build the future of visual commerce.  

### Responsibilities:
Product Designers embody the vision of the user through the interface. You’ll solve problems based on user research, while bearing business objectives in mind. You’ll identify, investigate, and validate opportunities and ultimately craft, design, test and ship design solutions.

We're not religious about process methodologies; we believe in using iterative processes that work for the moment, and holding retrospectives to improve how we work over time.


### About You:
* You're obsessed with design flows and experiences that are incredibly simple and smart
* You bring out the best in your team and people enjoy working with you
* You’re fascinated with how people engage with software both in their personal lives and at work
* You enjoy partnering with PMs, engineers, researchers and content strategists to oversee the user experience of a product from conception until launch
* You seamlessly take broad, conceptual ideas and turn them into something useful and valuable
* You give and solicit feedback from other designers in order to continually raise our bar for quality
* You understand the value of building and maintaining a living style guide
* You're hyper-organized, practical, and love finding new ways to do things faster and better
* You illustrate clear user stories and test your product like a champ
* You stay up to date on current themes, trends, and technologies in user experience design


### Qualifications:
* 2+ years of experience in product design, UX consultancy, or a related field
* Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS (Bonus: JS, CMS experience)
* Proficiency with Sketch, Adobe CS, Invision, etc. (You decide how to communicate your ideas - The tools shouldn’t handcuff you)
* Proven track record in the creation of interaction models, screen designs, and UI details that promote ease of use and optimize the user experience
* Experience designing native mobile (iOS or Android) platforms
 

### About Us:
Curalate is the leading visual content monetization platform and a partner to 800 of the world's leading brands. We make it easier for consumers to discover brands across the digital ecosystem and, using the power of visual content, make it more compelling for consumers to buy. We’re a passionate team of visual thinkers, makers, and storytellers dedicated to helping brands create discover, activate, and measure visual connections with consumers. And we’re building something really powerful.

Much like the brands we work with, our people are nothing short of inspiring – and we’re looking to grow our team. If you’re scrappy, creative, curious, and FUN, then we think Curalate could be the place for you.

No recruiters, please.