---
layout: jobpost
position: Associate Account Strategist
company: O3 World
companyurl: http://o3world.com
joblink: http://o3world.com/careers/associate-account-strategist/
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/o3-world/associate-account-strategist
expires: 2016-09-29
---

An Associate Account Strategist at O3 World will work in support of the Account team inclusive of our Account Strategists, Project Managers, and Marketers. Things move pretty quick around here. One minute you’ll be working on analyzing a client’s analytics, the next supporting an Account Strategists’ new business efforts. If you wake up excited to learn something new and don’t shy away from a challenge then you may be a good fit.  

We have a core value at O3 World that we always grow and this role is no different. The ideal candidate will be ambitious in their career objectives and seek to grow within the company. The career path for the Associate Account Strategist role is to eventually become a full time Account Strategist, Marketer, or Content Strategist focusing on our clients success.

### REQUIREMENTS

* 1-3 years experience in the service based tech industry
* Strong presentation and communication skills, written and spoken
* Solid understanding of basic marketing principles
* Foundational experience with Google analytics
* Fantastically organized with an eye for detail
* Ability to manage activities to deadlines
* A born creative problem solver
* Willingness to learn, grow and lead in the digital space
* Can work independently or as part of a team
* Ability to prioritize and multitask  
* Grammar nerd is a bonus

### SPECIFIC DUTIES

* Assist the Account Strategists the with day to day management of existing clients and projects.
* Work closely with Project Managers to stay up to date on client deliverables and maintain a strong tie with Design, Development, and SysAdmin / Support teams to troubleshoot client and project issues when necessary.
* Work with the Account Strategists on discovery work for clients, including competitive research, stakeholder interviews, landscape analysis, and analytics reviews.
* Perform market research and identify industry trends and developments, both in our space and those of our clients.
* Assist in the ongoing strategy for our accounts by combining your research and experience with a strong grasp on industry trends and developments, both in our space and those of our clients.
* Proactively identify and pitch new opportunities and services to the internal team that could benefit our company and or our clients.
* Maintain a positive, solutions oriented attitude at all times.
* Author proposals, statements of work, and or change orders as needed.
* Assist our marketing teams in creating client case studies and one off marketing efforts.
* Provide assistance to the Account Operations Director in support of the Accounts team.
* Create content plans, and prepare drive content planning materials to guide clients in content planning
* Assist in content inventory of current digital projects, in order to create a consistent content strategy for client launch
* Attend industry events during or after business hours in support of O3 World.
* Assist in creation of weekly burn reports, status reports, and scheduling  
* Manage internal organization of project schedule, deliverables, and client materials
* Work with Account Strategists on pulling data and compiling reporting for analytics meetings and requests
* Assist team in creating project briefs and gathering materials needed to drive scoping meetings
* Manage CMS updates based on QA/and client changes to assist in preparation for successful project launches

### BENEFITS

* Amazing office space in Fishtown, flex vacation time, paid trips to national and regional industry events and conferences, paid training, speaking opportunities, summer flex hours, company happy hours, casual office dress code, monthly one-to-one employee growth meetings, lunch and learns, sponsored networking events, employee referral program, company holidays and half-days, quiet rooms, annual holiday party, peer-to-peer recognition, annual non-profit participation, neighborhood outreach events, your own personal theme music, and more…
* Medical coverage including vision, dental coverage, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance plan, 401k with company match
* While we prefer local candidates, Philly is a great place to live and work, and we may be able to assist with relocation expenses for the right candidate. However, you must be able to legally work in the US. Recruiters and staffing companies NEED NOT contact us.

Please submit a copy of your resume and / or any relevant work samples (documents, wireframes, etc…) that you think will help us get to know you better. Links to your work and/or portfolio are required. Links to your LinkedIn, Twitter accounts or whatever you feel will help us get to know you better are also appreciated.

O3 is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We look forward to meeting with you.