---
layout: jobpost
position: Teaching Fellowship
company: Coded by Kids
companyurl: http://www.codedbykids.com/index.html
joblink: http://www.codedbykids.com/fellowship
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/codedbykids/teaching
expires: 2016-10-01
---

Coded by Kids is seeking applicants for a brand new teaching fellowship providing project-based technology education to Philadelphia middle and high school students. The first of its kind in Philadelphia, the Coded by Kids Teaching Fellowship is an opportunity for current students, recent graduates and young professionals with backgrounds in computer science, web development, and/or UI/UX design to use their education and experience to make an impact in the lives of Philadelphia students.

### Who We Are
Coded by Kids is a non-profit organization committed to providing free tech education, tech industry exposure and career mentorship to children who lack access to these opportunities. Our programs are designed to help our students achieve success by providing  them with a combination of real world tech skills and access to a support system of mentors with experience in the tech industry. 

###  Who You Are
The Coded by Kids Teaching Fellowship may be a good fit for you if…
* You are a college junior or senior, recent graduate, or freelance tech professional looking for an opportunity to make an impact through tech education.
* You are looking for an opportunity to learn new skills and gain teaching experience. 
* You have a background in computer science, software engineering, web development, and digital design and want to apply those skills to real-world projects and classrooms. 
* You are civic-minded with an interest in learning how tech education can lift communities out of poverty and better prepare local students for college and careers. 
* You are excited to be part of an inaugural class of Teaching Fellows, and eager to contribute your feedback and ideas to make the program better for future cohorts. 

### The Coded by Kids Teaching Fellowship
Teaching Fellows will commit to a school year (August-June) of working with the Coded by Kids management team to provide high quality tech education in Philadelphia middle and high school classrooms. Teaching Fellows will teach 2-4 classes per week. Classes will generally be 1-2 hours long.They will work closely with management and other Teaching Fellows to carry out the key responsibilities of the position, listed below. The completion of these duties is expected to equate to roughly 20 hours per week of work. 

* Provide high-quality tech education instruction to high school students. Fellows will utilize the Coded By Kids curriculum to deliver 2-4 lessons per week for a class of approximately 10-20 students. Fellows will be expected to teach in a project-based environment and adjust instruction to meet the needs of individual students. 
* Cultivate a classroom culture of high achievement that is consistent with Coded By Kids’ core values. Fellows will be responsible for:
    * Communicating high expectations for behavior and helping students to progress towards being able to independently problem solve 
    * Updating Coded By Kids staff with information on classroom and program needs 
* Routinely update student records using the Coded By Kids Learning Management System. This includes maintaining records for student attendance, as well as project-level achievements and overall progress in the program.
* Write weekly class reflections on student progress, curriculum, and program delivery 
* Participate in Teaching Fellow training and staff meetings
* Complete volunteer hours at two Coded By Kids rec center classes per month 
* Perform other duties as necessary to successfully implement Coded By Kids programs and curricula

### Requirements
Able to commit to a school year (August 2016 - June 2017) of participation in the fellowship program (up to 20 hours/week)
Fluency in HTML, CSS, Javascript, and one backend language
A background in software engineering, web development, and/or UI/UX design
Able to attend a mandatory 3-week training held from Aug 1-Aug 26, 2016 in Philadelphia, PA
Able to attend regular professional development sessions throughout the course of the year 

### Benefits
This fellowship is designed to help jumpstart your career in tech. Want to learn new skills? Over the course of the school year, Teaching Fellows will undergo rigorous training and hone their skills in the following areas:

* Leadership
* Classroom management
* Curriculum development
* Project development
* Project management
* Design thinking

Want to learn more about the Philadelphia tech scene and the types of job opportunities available? Teaching Fellows will get access to the extensive Coded by Kids professional network, and be in frequent contact with leaders in the tech industry. 

Want to get project experience and build your portfolio? Interested Teaching Fellows will have opportunities to participate in real world development projects.

Want to make a positive impact in Philadelphia communities? That’s what this whole fellowship is all about.

### Compensation
Teaching Fellows will receive a stipend of $350/week for the duration of the fellowship (August 2016 - June 2017). Fellows are expected to commit to 20 hours/week of work throughout the duration of the program. Actual workload will depend on the Fellow’s ability to learn the curriculum and prepare for class on a weekly basis. 

### How to Apply
Visit <a href="http://www.codedbykids.com/fellowship" target="_blank">http://www.codedbykids.com/fellowship</a> to download the application questionnaire. Completed questionnaires and a current resume should be sent to info@codedbykids.com by July 7th, 2016. Interviews will take place the week of July 11th and accepted applicants will be notified on July 18th, 2016.  