---
layout: jobpost
position: Marketing Technologist
company: WizeHive
companyurl: www.wizehive.com
joblink: https://review.wizehive.com/voting/view/posting/13854/1177957/0
reference:
categories: jobs
permalink: /jobs/wizehive/marketing-technologist
expires: 2016-10-01
---

WizeHive is looking for a professional and personable Full Stack Marketing Technologist who has the passion and acumen to design, build, integrate, measure and optimize along the full marketing stack of platforms along the customer lifecycle within the SaaS and nonprofit sectors. 

The Marketing Technologist at WizeHive thrives at the intersection of content planning and digital implementation. This team member is responsible for implementing and optimizing our “systems of engagement” – the platforms that allow us to build awareness, interest and engagement. There is a heavy emphasis on understanding and improving the metrics of lead generation and client acquisition. 

Delivering valuable and actionable content to our potential and current customers at the right time—requires highly informed strategic thinking, outstanding creative implementation, and the right technology execution. That technology includes systems that you’ll manage and manipulate for CRM, marketing automation, SEO, social monitoring, web development, video, web analytics and more.

### Personal Contributions:
* Exceptional multi-tasker with great time management and prioritization abilities.
* LOVES change.
* Has a positive, whatever-it-takes attitude.
* Passionate about his or her work but easily takes criticism.
* Able to lead, work and collaborate with a team.
* Outstanding, confident communicator and presenter.
* Extreme passion for digital marketing.
* Exceptional time management ability across multiple, concurrent projects.
* Technologist at heart, producer by trade.
* Proficient worker; fastest, high quality work deliverables.
* Leads and works well with a team.

### Primary Responsibilities:
* Creates, manages and implements technology and processes to enable rapid adoption and management of new/existing marketing programs.
* Daily management for our systems of engagement — from CRM to marketing automation to web production — to meet the organization's evolving marketing requirements.
* Designs and facilitates technology solutions (from mobile responsive web pages to emails) using UX industry standard best practices.
* Manage KPIs and analytic frameworks to assess the performance of content and platform delivery.
* Use data from stakeholders, customers and market research to evaluate marketing programs effectiveness.
* Partner with other company team members to understand who our audience is, what they require, and how they consume and act on content across multiple platforms.

### Knowledge & Experience Required:
* Extensive knowledge of the strategies and tactics used for effective marketing automation – including but not limited to planning, implementation, testing, analytics, and reporting.
* The ability to understand complex business information – and to progress from data to insights to solutions.
* A track record of success as a partner to other team members to bring a fresh perspective to a particular client project.
* fective written and verbal communication – from presenting to client executives, to conveying insights to our internal team.
* A keen interest in sharing relevant business information and inspirational resources.
* A passion for working with highly creative and motivated people.
* 1-3 years of experience within a relevant field, plus a Bachelor's Degree. 
* Reports directly to the CMO, and will work alongside a diverse and talented team.
* Portfolio of work that can be reviewed, along with references willing to share your enthusiasm about your productivity/partnership.
* Legal, US citizen with a valid driver's license.

### Proficiency implementing, operating and optimizing:
* Content Management Systems/CRM (HubSpot preferred)
* Web design and mobile responsiveness
* Photoshop/illustrator
* Video editing/screen captures
* HTMl/CSS/Javascript (a plus)
* Social media platforms (Buzzfeed, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.)
* Presentations (Google Slides/PowerPoint)
* Analytics measurement (Google Analytics, Spreadsheets, etc.)
* Email marketing platforms (MailChimp, ActiveCampaign)
* Collaboration platforms (#Slack, Google Drive)
* Integrating applications on different platforms (Zapier, IFTT - a plus)

### About WizeHive:

Every business needs to manage one or more sets of data to be successful; leads, customers, job applications, orders, and more. WizeHive provides thousands of customers a platform that empowers them to quickly configure and deploy cloud-based business applications that are tailored to their exact needs.

The latest version of WizeHive, named Zengine, enables business users to build applications using an intuitive spreadsheet interface and drag and drop form builder, while also allowing developers to extend an application via plugins that add integrations & complex functionality. Zengine can be used to track customers, grantees, scholarship applicants, job candidates, projects or more by replacing paper processes, outgrown spreadsheets, or generic software products.

The company is located in Conshohocken, PA conveniently near highways and train stations from/to Philly. Plenty of food, free parking, flex hours and PTO to make commuting and working here easy. The company has been consistently in the Philly 100 for its positive growth, and our people have a hard time sitting still. Lots of energy and collaboration in our fast-paced environment! If you enjoy getting things done and working with other problem-solvers, then you’ll fit right in! 